I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Spider Web
Daddy Pig is hard at work in the study.
Daddy Pig, this study is a complete mess.
It's not that bad.
There are lots of cobwebs.
I love cobwebs. They give the room character.
Cobwebs mean spiders and I don't like spiders.
I do. Spiders catch flies and flies are horrid.
Well, as long as I don't have to see a spider.
Ah~~~~
A spider! Hello, Mr. Skinny Legs!
Oh! Where have you gone?
Find it. I don't want it in the house.
Everyone is looking for Mr. Skinny Legs.
Mr. Skinny Legs is not in the filing cabinet.
Oh!
Mr. Skinny Legs is not under the chair.
Ooh!
Mr. Skinny Legs is not on the table.
Oh!
I wonder where Mr. Skinny Legs is?
Ah~~~
Oh-oh! It sounds like Mummy has found him.
Don't be scared, Mummy.
Get rid of it.
OK, we'll take Mr. Skinny Legs into the garden.
Now, Mr. Skinny Legs
has got the whole garden to play.
Bye-bye, Mr. Skinny Legs!
It is starting to rain.
Mr. Skinny Legs is running back to the house.
Maybe he doesn't like the rain.
He's climbing up the water spout.
Eensey Weensey spider climbed up the water spout.
Down came the rain and washed the Weensey out.
Out came the sun shining and dried up all the rain.
Eensey Weensey spider climbed up the spout again.
I don't want Mr. Skinny Legs in the house,
Daddy Pig.
Let's take Mr. Skinny Legs
a bit further into the garden.
There we are! A nice tree for you to live in.
What is he doing?
He's making a web, Peppa.
Spiders live in webs and use them to catch flies.
Oh, he's very busy.
Yes. It's hard work building a web.
That's why you must never ever break one.
If you do, the spider has to do all the work again.
Yes, Daddy. Bye-bye, Mr. Skinny Legs.
It is bed time.
I liked watching Mr. Skinny Legs making his web today.
And tomorrow, he will make another web.
Really?
Yes, Mr. Skinny Legs makes a new web every day.
Where will the new web be, Daddy?
I don't know. We'll find out tomorrow. Good night!
Night-night.
It is morning.
Daddy Pig is getting ready to go to work.
I don't want to be late.
I have an important meeting at the office.
Daddy, you work very hard.
Yes, I do. But not as hard as Mr. Skinny Legs.
Bye-bye everyone. See you tonight.
Stop, Daddy!
What is it?
You cannot drive the car today.
Why not?
Look!
Mr. Skinny Legs has built a web,
joining the car to the house.
Daddy, you said "you must never ever break a web."
Did I?
Yes, Daddy Pig.
If you move the car, you will break the web.
But how am I going to get to work?
Don't worry, Daddy.
You can borrow my little bicycle.
Here you are!
Thank you, Peppa.
Daddy Pig is riding Peppa's little bicycle.
Have a nice ride to work!
I will, Peppa. Bye!
Bye!
Woo! Daddy Pig works very hard.
Woo!
But Mr. Skinny Legs works even harder.